Backoffice (#2509)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-StarterKit/Uno-pedia/Umbraco-Backoffice/index.md

> The Backoffice is the counterpart to the Frontend, it is in the backoffice that you can create all of your content, this can be done in the content section of the backoffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Backoffice is the counterpart to the Frontend. It is in the backoffice that you create all of your content, which is done in the Content section of the backoffice.
```

> A backoffice is built of multiple areas, there's the tree on the left, the dashboard in the middle. the sections in the top to learn more please read [the Getting started guide for the backoffice](../../../Getting-Started/Backoffice/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backoffice is built of multiple areas. There's the tree on the left, the dashboard in the middle, and the sections at the top. To learn more please read [the Getting started guide for the backoffice](../../../Getting-Started/Backoffice/index.md).
```

The backoffice also lets you control what your users can do and you can change settings for your users and members.
Essentially the backoffice works as your main workspace when creating and managing things in your Umbraco Uno project.

### Tree

The tree is a list of multiple items, it could be media items or content items.
The tree is always located to the left of the Dashboard.

### Node

> A node is an item in the tree list, what a node is, changes depending on what section you are in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node is an item in the tree list. What a node is changes depending on what section you are in. 
```

> For example in the content section a node would be a piece of content or a page, and in media, it would an image or a folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the Content section a node would be a piece of content or a page, and in media, it would be an image or a folder.
```

### Dashboards/Workspaces

The dashboard is located in the middle of the screen for each of the sections.
The main function of the dashboard is to show you important information.

> It is worth noting that the dashboard will be transformed into your workspace when working with content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that the dashboard will be transformed into your workspace when working with content and media.
```

To switch between workspace and dashboard you can click nodes for  workspace and the field saying "content" in the top of the tree.

## The Sections

> The backoffice is divided into sections you will see this in a menu bar in the top of the page, These sections are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backoffice is divided into sections you will see this in a menu bar in the top of the page. The sections are as follows:
```

- Content
- Media
- Users
- Members
- Forms
- Translation

Here we will get in-depth with what each section offers you in tools.

> You will to the majority of your work from the content section, however, some tools may only be used on certain sections such as creating a new form for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will do the majority of your work from the Content sections, however, some tools may only be used on certain sections such as creating a new form for instance.
```
